Hello, everyone.
So the previous one, we have covered our A-Team class, which is going to be responsible for testing
and running of the application.
We have covered this account class, which has also several functionalities.
Like initially, we have a variables for customer number, pin number, checking balance and savings
balance.
So basically it is handling the types of accounts and getting and setting the private accessible variables
to like accessible by all the classes with the help of this get set methods.
Also, we have used the calculation check for checking, withdraw savings, withdraw checking the deposit
and savings deposit.
And also we have our like calculator for checking that transfer.
So this is like calculating all the types of balances, transfers taking place which we have discussed
in the prototype section.
Then this is going to like calculate all the amounts being transferred between the accounts.
Also we have like get methods for checking.
So with draw input, saving, withdraw input and deposit for both checking and savings account.
So like basically it is checking for a valid input and if the input is valid, then performing tasks
accordingly.
So this get methods for both withdraw and deposit for both the types of accounts are doing that.
Now after that, we have a get method for checking the transfers input also, which we covered in the
last part that this transfer input is going to like check firstly the types of account which is being
inputted, whether it be the checking account or the savings account.
So according to that type of account chosen for transfer, then the choices will appear accordingly.
So if we are in the checking account, then we will be transferring funds to the savings account and
vice versa.
And also we are using like try and catch block exception handling method for handling the exceptions
that may arise while transferring and depositing funds.
So yes, we are checking everything with a separate code block and we have like functions for everything.
So this switch case we are using for like navigating between the cases, like if the choices are made
correctly, then this loop will execute.
Otherwise this switch case will return and nothing will be performed.
The default case is that if not a valid choices like entered by the user to their keyboard, then it
will go in, go to like show output like invalid choice.
So yes, this is the overall thing we covered till now.
Now in this part like we are going to cover the third class we discussed about earlier is the options
menu class.
So the options menu class is going to cover all the options which are going to be like displayed.
We have discussed this in introduction.
Yes.
All the options like this type one, two, three, four, five and for these checking and exits also
are going to be handled with the help of of options menu plus.
Similarly for these checking, we have types and these types are basically the members of the options
menu.
So these options menu are going to contain all these types and attachable functions with those specific
choices and what actions to be performed on the call of that specific choice.
So whatever the call is performed is going to be accessed with the help of this account.
Plus we have like functions for every choice to be made in the Options menu class.
So yes, we are going to call this savings deposit or whether it be anything we have used to get the
method.
So with the help of this get method, we can use these all the global variables which are private inside
the account class inside.
Option menu glass.
So we will see all that.
Now let us first create a new file inside the ASIC folder.
Call it as option menu dot Java.
So this file inside the ASIC folder is going to create a public class called AS or Option Menu.
And this class is basically going to contain all the options list and the exception handling regarding
choices.
So inside this public class we are going to initially or scanner will be called as if the user is going
to put any choice.
So what is going to be the like method to grab the choice like to grasp the choice entered by the user.
So we are using this scanner for scanning the specific input.
We are using this new scanner.
So this scanner is going to create our scanner method and the argument is going to be system button.
So this system is going to be the argument inside this scanner.
So yes, this is like, yes.
So we are done with the creation of this scanner, which is going to like scan all the.
The types entered by the user.
So after the creation of this scanner, we will be displaying the money format.
So like the decimal format is going to be used as the format for the money displaying.
So money format.
And a new decimal format object is going to be created for taking inputs.
So yes, the sign for the decimal format of the money input is going to be yes, our dollar sign we
can use.
Also closing this with a single inverted comma.
On the AFT after this closure, we are using this slash.
So basically, these are the methods for displaying the money.
So suppose we have $20,000, so we are going to be displaying it at 20,000 and daughter dot like .00.
So this is going to be basically the format of the displaying the format of money.
So three slashes and a comma then to slash is 0.00.
So initially we have like this by default value in our money format and later it will be updated accordingly.
We discussed about hash maps in the beginning and what actually these hash maps are.
So these hash maps are going to be the links between the types of choices and the functions attached
to the specific choices like in this.
We can see that.
Let me first create this hash map.
So this is the syntax for creating a hash map in Java.
Hash map is basically a function like a data type.
We can see that we use inside Java and this data type will help us to link things and like they can
perform tasks integrated manner.
Like if we okay, we will be explaining this with the help of these slides.
So suppose we are choosing type one and the functions attached with it is view balance.
So this attachment is due to the mercy of the hash maps.
So you can see that in the hash maps we are having two arguments, integer and account and these hash
maps are helping us to initially for suppose these types of accounts.
So these links between type one and the type of specific account is due to the help of hash maps.
So hash maps helps us to map things.
We can attach indexes to specific options and then our tasks will be performed accordingly.
For like specific choices, we have already discussed it in the working video part that hash maps are
going to link things and then tasks will be performed according to that specific link.
So this helps us to make sure that this type one is attached to only checking account and not any other
thing, and this type two is attached to this savings account.
So once we hit choice two, then we enter in those savings accounts only, not any other options.
So yes, this is the benefit of using hash maps.
So after this we made several imports which are going to be required inside this option menu class such
as decimal format for this hash maps for integrating the options with specific functions in input output
exceptions.
Suppose that there are any kinds of exception then that is going to be handled inside this package.
And similarly for integer iterator map and scanners.
So these imports will help us to like call the components in the different parts of code.
So inside this get log in.
Function.
This is going to throw exception when the login is like not happening correctly.
Suppose that the user entered the correct customer number but mistakenly entered the wrong pin number.
So that is going to be an exception.
And according to which output will be generated, that invalid customer number or pin number and if
any of the invalid characters entered by the user, suppose that numerical value is not entered some
alphabetical or anything is entered.
We are allowing only integers in the customer pin number, customer number and pin number.
So yes, if any invalid characters are entered then the input mismatch exception will be called and
this will throw this statement that invalid character only numbers are allowed.
And yes, we have discovered this that customer pin and yes, the customer number and pin number should
be correctly entered by the user, whatever is used while creating the specific account which the user
is trying to log in.
Now looking at the next step, like initially we were being asked to for the time of logging the customer
number and pin number.
The next step was to get that type of account.
So for getting that type of account from the option menu, we are using this get account type function
passing account as that human account we have already created as a class inside this account Java file.
And this is going to like show options like checking account, savings account and exit.
So we have to make choices between these three.
Now we are using like a switch case for entering into that specific account, which is like chosen by
the user.
So if the user choose the checking account, then we are calling this get checking method for entering
the checking account type.
Now the options will be displayed according to only checking account type option.
Similarly with the savings account and if there is any kind of exception, like users inputs, any other
value rather than one, two or three, then it will throw exception that invalid choices made.
And similarly for the catch block.
If anything other than these types are entered, then error will be displayed that you made an invalid
choice.
Try making a valid choice.
So looking up to what is supposed to be performed next.
So we have successfully logged in.
We have choose the type or type of account we want to make transactions into.
Then the next step is to display the options view balance, withdraw funds, deposit funds, transfer
funds according to that chosen account, whether it be the saving account or the checking account.
So yes, the next step is to create a function for get saving and then later forget checking.
So we will be creating separate function for saving account options and checking the account option.
So we will be covering that specific functions in the next part.